feat(desktop-modeler): add connection manager docs (#7602)
camunda/camunda-docs: docs/components/modeler/desktop-modeler/deploy-diagram.md

---
id: deploy-diagram
title: Deploy your first diagram
description: "Follow these steps to directly deploy diagrams and start process instances in Camunda 8."
---

Desktop Modeler can directly deploy diagrams and start process instances in Camunda 8. Follow the steps below to deploy a diagram to Camunda 8 Orchestration Clusters.

> 1. Ensure you have already setup and selected a connection by following the [Connect to Camunda 8 guide](./connect-to-camunda-8.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Ensure you have already set up and selected a connection by following the [Connect to Camunda 8](./connect-to-camunda-8.md) guide.
```
❌  for "set up"

>    ![dev cluster connected](./img/connection-selector-dev-connection.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   ![Dev cluster connected](./img/connection-selector-dev-connection.png)
```

2. Click the rocket-shaped deployment icon:

   ![deploy icon](./img/deploy-icon.png)

3. Click **Deploy** to perform the actual deployment.

>    ![deploy diagram](./img/deploy-diagram.png)

Reviewer: ❓ for follow-up: I'm confused. I have to click the Deploy icon and then click Deploy again? Why not just click the Deploy icon? (I seem to remember that sometimes there's a section for variables in the Deploy popup; not sure why it doesn't always show up.)
